---
title: How To Create Namespace Subdomain & Connect To Vercel App
date: 1st Mar 2023
description: Here we will learn, How To Create Namespace Subdomain & Connect To Vercel App
image: /blogs-img/blog3.jpg
alt: How To Create Namespace Subdomain & Connect To Vercel App
ogImage: /blogs-img/blog3.jpg
tags: ['nuxt', 'vercel', 'namecheap']
published: true
---

### Introduction

Creating a subdomain on Namecheap and connecting it with a Vercel deployed app is a straightforward process. In this blog, we will guide you through the steps required to create a subdomain on Namecheap and connect it to your Vercel deployed app.

### Step 1: Create a subdomain on Namecheap

The first step is to create a subdomain on Namecheap. To do this, log in to your Namecheap account and go to your domain dashboard. Click on the "Advanced DNS" tab and then click on "Add New Record".

Select "CNAME (Alias)" from the "Type" dropdown menu. In the "Host" field, enter the name of your subdomain (for example, "app" if you want your subdomain to be "app.yourdomain.com"). In the "Value" field, enter the URL of your Vercel deployed app (for example, "yourapp.vercel.app").

### Step 2: Verify the subdomain

After creating the subdomain, you need to verify that it has been set up correctly. To do this, go to your Vercel deployed app dashboard and click on the "Domains" tab. Click on "Add Domain" and enter the name of your subdomain. Vercel will verify the subdomain and confirm that it has been set up correctly.

### Step 3: Add the subdomain to your Vercel deployed app

Now that your subdomain has been verified, you need to add it to your Vercel deployed app. To do this, go to your app dashboard and click on "Settings". Click on "Domains" and then click on "Add Domain". Enter the name of your subdomain and click on "Add".

### Step 4: Verify the subdomain in Vercel

After adding the subdomain to your Vercel deployed app, you need to verify that it has been set up correctly. To do this, click on the subdomain in your Vercel deployed app dashboard. Click on "Verify DNS Configuration". Vercel will check that the subdomain has been set up correctly and confirm that it is connected to your Vercel deployed app.

### Conclusion

Connecting a subdomain on Namecheap to your Vercel deployed app is a simple process that can be done in a few steps. By following the steps outlined in this blog, you can easily create a subdomain on Namecheap and connect it to your Vercel deployed app. Remember to verify your subdomain in both Namecheap and Vercel to ensure that it has been set up correctly. If you encounter any issues, reach out to Vercel support for assistance.
