---
title: Some Awesome Libraries For Vue3
date: 1st Jan 2023
description: Vue.js is a popular JavaScript framework for building web applications. In this blog post, we will introduce you to some of the awesome libraries for Vue.js in different categories.
image: /blogs-img/blog5.jpg
alt: Some Awesome Libraries For Vue3
ogImage: /blogs-img/blog5.jpg
tags: ['vue',"javascript"]
published: true
---

### Introduction

Vue.js is a popular JavaScript framework for building web applications. It offers a lot of flexibility and ease of use, making it a go-to choice for many developers. One of the advantages of Vue.js is its rich library ecosystem. In this blog post, we will introduce you to some of the awesome libraries for Vue.js in different categories.

### Essential

Some libraries are must have when you are start working with new project, here are my list

- **Vue Router**: Vue Router is the official router for Vue.js. It deeply integrates with Vue.js core to make building Single Page Applications with Vue.js a breeze
- **Pinia**: Pinia started as an experiment to redesign what a Store for Vue could look like with the Composition API around November 2019.
- **VueUse**: VueUse is a collection of utility functions based on Composition API. We assume you are already familiar with the basic ideas of Composition API before you continue.
- **Vitest**: Vitest is a blazing fast unit test framework powered by Vite.
- **Vue Macro**: Vue Macros is a library that implements proposals or ideas that have not been officially implemented by Vue. That means it will explore and extend more features and syntax sugar to Vue.

### UI Libraries

UI libraries provide pre-built components and styles for building user interfaces. Here are some popular UI libraries for Vue.js:

- **Naive UI**: A Vue 3 Component Library Fairly Complete, Theme Customizable, Uses TypeScript, Fast Kinda Interesting
- **Vuetify**: Vue Component Framework Vuetify is a no design skills required UI Library with beautifully handcrafted Vue Components.
- **Vuestic**: You can create a new project or integrate Vuestic UI into an existing application. There are three ways to create new Vuestic App. All of them mostly the same and provides the same features.

### Others

- **VueFire**: VueFire Official Firebase bindings for Vue.js
- **Vue I118**: Vue I18n Internationalization plugin for Vue.js
- **Vue Auto Animate**: Add motion to your apps with a single line of code.
- **Vuelidate**: Vuelidate is considered model-based because the validation rules are defined next to your data, and the validation tree structure matches the data model structure.

### Conclusion

In this blog post, we have introduced you to some of the awesome libraries for Vue.js in different categories. These libraries can help you build better and more engaging web applications with Vue.js. Remember to choose the right library based on your project requirements and always refer to the documentation for usage and integration instructions. If you encounter any issues, reach out to the Vue.js community for assistance.
